[Autogenerated] All right, let's continue on.
And in this clip,
we're going to start looking at reserved instances now
that we've seen both spot in on demand, I want to go to reserved instances.
Now you purchase reserved instances,
and you'll see with this menu here that you can specify your platform,
the type of instance that you want your tenancy your term so the term can
be one month to 12 months or 12 months to 36 months.
There's an offering class so convertible,
which means that you can convert between instance types
based on the current market value.
Or there's standard where you can only choose one
instance type for your instance reservation.
We have our payment option so you can do no upfront, partial or all up front.
Now, no up front will offer the least amount of savings amongst all three.
Partial is the middle and then all up front gives you
the biggest savings in the long run.
And what this is doing is essentially telling a ws that
you're committed to using this compute, and in doing so,
they offer you a steep discount.
Swimming.
Go ahead and search and you'll see we have tons of options.
So I can have a 12 month term at a 120.62 rate for no upfront payment with a
standard class or if I want to pay a little bit more here,
I can have a convertible instance,
which offers some flexibility in case I want to change my mind.
Now you'll see that the longer the term you agree to,
the bigger the discount you get.
So three years provides almost a 30.2 difference in
price compared to a one year now.
That doesn't seem like a lot.
But when you're scaling up several hundreds or thousands of instances,
that adds up extremely quickly.
And really, that's with no up front costs.
So if we look at the same 36 months for all upfront on a standard instance type,
you can see it's actually even cheaper 0.38 compared 2.43 So
we're saving even Mawr by paying more up front.
So what I would do here is I would specify the quantity I want.
I would add it to my cart.
I would view my cart and then I would order and what this does is,
it builds your account based on the pricing standpoint you chose,
and it would give us a reserved instance for us to look at for our utilization.
Now,
I'm not going to do that because I don't wanna go ahead and
commit to a reserved instance for my demo account.
But that's how you Congar oh,
ahead and utilize reserved instances in your own accounts.
Now,
a good use case for reserved instances would be something
long running like maybe a domain controller or some type of
easy to with a sequel server on it,
something you know is going to be living for a very long time.
Now that's gonna go ahead and do it for this demo.
On the different instance, lifecycle types there's on demand.
There's spot.
And then there's reserved instances,
so be sure to read through and play around with all three types,
and then we'll go ahead and break here and in the next clip will have a quick module wrap up in review